All right welcome back to that.
So let's get it done.
All right.
So I hope you're really excited.
Now we are the contact page in the online server.
All right.
As you can see here as in college calms him and contact that BHB perfect.
Now we need to write r.b.
So let's go to our panel.
This is Whoops.
Let's go to our panel here.
Let's go to our public and then I'm going to go to my CMAs and find out what my contact page is.
And let's just call it here.
All right.
So to send the e-mail is pretty easy.
I'm going to show you how easy it is to send an e-mail.
So I'm going to go here and say mail function.
All right.
And I'm going to go to this link right here.
I'm going to show you how easy it is.
All right.
You got to laugh.
I'm going to go here to this Web site.
The only three schools are come right and then copy everything in between the BHB tags and anger on
a pizza right here.
All right.
So this cold is not going to run unless I click submit.
But this call is going to run no matter why when every fresh speech.
So right here I'm going to put my e-mail address support at Edwin d stucco
and right now I should say first line of tets and then whatever second line Skylane even the wadis and
save it.
Whoops I don't know what in the world that is saying right here.
I'm so used to saving it.
Command as that I.
That's what I did.
But anyway.
So I'm going to go right now and I'm going to go to my e-mail.
All right.
And I'm going to open up my e-mail.
First let's go to that page.
There's a law where you can see all right how this works.
Let's go to contact and you're going to refresh I just refresh.
I should get the e-mail.
Like sometimes it takes a long time but sometimes it's fast.
I've got to get it I already got it.
I'm going to show it to you right now.
All right.
Right here.
As you can see first line of têtes second line of tats and this is where this survey is coming from
where it's coming from.
All right.
So as you can see right here I got it.
So let's send another e-mail so you can see let's just say something else.
Second e-mail.
Yes.
Safe.
I just got the e-mail.
Actually I have not gotten the e-mail yet.
See sometimes you get the e-mail right away.
All right.
And the reason for that is because it might get blocked.
So I'm going to show it to you right now right here.
As you can see all right.
And the reason why this is so big is because I don't want you to see my other personal information.
All right so you can see a second e-mail right here.
All right.
Perfect.
So it is working it's coming from Rico 20:30 whatever.
That's probably the user name anyway.
Let's actually call this a little better so that way you can see how this works.
All right.
Perfect.
So we know that it works and we know that how to do it now.
So let's actually do this.
So this is that too.
All right variable.
That's going to be the e-mail.
The body is going to be the body fund formed by here.
And the subject of course we got that.
All right so we getting all the feels we want.
Now let's put the mail right here.
Let's actually take this.
We don't need this anymore.
We can do a word wrap on that message if we wanted to on the subject.
And I put the line there and I take that off real quick if I can make this a little bigger so that what
you see what I'm doing actually sorry this leave it like this.
All right.
So let's do a word wrap on this here.
So word wrap.
There we go.
And the second parameter would be we want to wrap it around 70 to 70 characters right.
So that's a perfect saving.
All right.
So another subject is going to be the variable.
Right.
He's sitting there and the message is going to be the body.
All right.
Keep that in mind.
Whoops sorry about that.
All right.
So the body got one last thing that we need to do this mail here.
This one's here needs to be the two variable and we can pass another parameter here and this will be
called a header.
I show you right now in a minute what it is is going to be a variable because we're going to have some
stuff in there.
So the header would be where the image is coming from.
And I think we have already a post down here for the e-mail e-mail.
Yes.
All right.
That would be the e-mail.
Whoops again.
So they had it would be the e-mail where he's coming from.
OK.
Perfect.
All right.
Let's test this to see if it works.
OK.
Organized this a little bit.
All right.
That is good.
Let's go back to a forum here fresh.
We got no errors there.
And
let's actually try this out real quick.
Let's say my e-mail address would be no Rico Suave G-mail.
Com.
I saw geez.
This is Edwin.
Yes hello.
This is pretty cool.
It's working.
I know how to send e-mails
a click submit.
All right.
And then we go to my e-mail I mean one second.
Check it out and let's see what I got.
And voila.
As you can see here we got the e-mail right there.
This is Edwin.
Hello.
We check the e-mail Rico Suave.
This is pretty cool it's working.
I know how to send e-mail a so it is working guys.
And now you know how to send e-mail.
So pat yourself in the back.
Show your friends what you can do.
You're awesome.
You are learning more every single day.
And also keep in mind that you can actually extend this and basically put a massive cheer saying your
form was submitted.
All right so it's up to you to do that.
That's very easy to do with an echo.
All right.
Or you can use sessions.
So now you know how to send e-mails.
Thank you so much.
And I see you in the next lecture